Array Rotation: Rotate an array of n elements to the right by k steps. For example, with n = 7 and k = 3, the array [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is rotated to [5,6,7,1,2,3,4].
Maximum Subarray Sum: Find the contiguous subarray within an array (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum.
Product of Array Except Self: Given an array nums of n integers where n > 1, return an array output such that output[i] is equal to the product of all the elements of nums except nums[i].
Search in Rotated Sorted Array: Suppose an array sorted in ascending order is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. You are given a target value to search. If found in the array, return its index, otherwise return -1.
Merge Intervals: Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.
Missing Number: Given an array containing n distinct numbers taken from 0, 1, 2, ..., n, find the one that is missing from the array.
Container With Most Water: Given n non-negative integers a1, a2, ..., an, where each represents a point at coordinate (i, ai). n vertical lines are drawn such that the two endpoints of the line i is at (i, ai) and (i, 0). Find two lines, which, together with the x-axis forms a container, such that the container contains the most water.
Find All Duplicates in an Array: Given an array of integers, 1 ≤ a[i] ≤ n (n = size of array), some elements appear twice and others appear once. Find all the elements that appear twice in this array.
Jump Game: Given an array of non-negative integers, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array. Each element in the array represents your maximum jump length at that position. Determine if you are able to reach the last index.
Word Search: Given an m x n grid of characters board and a string word, return true if word exists in the grid. The word can be constructed from letters of sequentially adjacent cells, where "adjacent" cells are horizontally or vertically neighboring. The same letter cell may not be used more than once.